# COSMIC-VERTIGO
A very simple procedurally generated and text-based open-world space exploration game.

This was the final project that my friend and I made for our AP Comp Sci course. We ended up going way overboard because we had too much time on our hands, and I decided it was something worth putting on GitHub. The game is entirely text-based and written in Java, and hopefully soon it will be capable of running in terminal environments and possibly (with some Python implementation or something of the like) in browsers as well. Its generation system, while far more limited in scope, is inspired by the video game No Man's Sky by Hello Games.

The goal of the game is to explore as many solar systems and planets as possible. In order to do this, one must continually maintain their ship's fuel, health and shield for planetary trips and system warps - if any one of these stats drops to zero, you crash. Some strategy is required to figure out which planets are most likely to get you what you need without hurting already weak stats, based on the types/biomes and sizes of planets; however, there is also some luck of the draw. Technically, the game runs out of solar system naming combinations at the 480th system, and it will probably crash. However, I really doubt that anyone could get that far, as our game isn't necessarily the most well-balanced (although I still think I did a decent job). If you do, and something weird happens, congratulations.

To see some loose plans for the future of the project, please refer to Plans.txt. We use this as a casual communication/notes file and to organize our thoughts. There's definitely some outdated stuff in there, but it should also have some genuine ideas or issues.
